Let's pray and we'll talk about God.
Tian Fu, we continue to look at your grace, look at the light of your words, so that you can release the power of your words, light up our hearts, and update our lives, so that we can be a基督徒 to help you.
So that we can be in any place in our daily lives, in any place in our daily lives, so that you can give us the wisdom and principles of life, to deal with all kinds of situations and problems, so that we can find the heart of wisdom, find the new life, and become a基督徒 to honor you.
We don't deserve to be called by the Party Party, but we deserve to be called by the Party Party.
Amen.
As we have mentioned in the last episode, I would like to remind you that it is not better to use your mind in front of a certain person than to use your mind in front of a certain person.
Don't put the things of the half-dead people in front of the brother and sister.
The concept of half-dead people is an explanation.
Not only does it make you uncomfortable, but it also makes you unhappy.
It is also a serious, more evil, mental injury.
When I say this, I'm doing it on my own.
My behavior has become a kind of influence.
This kind of influence becomes a kind of pressure, pushing one person to the place where he's not feeling well, causing him to be in the most anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and anxious and
In Taoism, it is better to say that this is a training for us, a training for us to learn how to love each other.
If there is a wrong decision in a person's heart, he is forced to do it, then this thing is really a crime, a crime because it is not based on confidence.
So we should have a different understanding of such things.
So whether it is confidence that strengthens people, or it is confidence that weakens the conscience, it is necessary to have the skill to accept it, and it is necessary to be corrected in front of the master.
The ending of the Taoism
Baoluo put the stone price directly into this dialogue.
He emphasized that the capital has died for the weak.
So those who believe in stronger people, those who believe in more free people, even if the freedom you have is in the capital of Jesus, it is indeed the water that exists, but it is also not because of the lack of unity, the lack of love, and the randomness of your own freedom, that the confidence falls on the body of the weak.
It can be said that Baoluo has been neglecting us to grow,
It is very simple, but very mature.
Your freedom is real, but your freedom is to be loved, controlled, and served.
No one will just ask, can I do this?
Can I do that?
Instead, I can do this.
I know I have freedom to do this.
But if I do this, will my brother and sister benefit from it?
In fact, the author of the book, John S.基督, is the one who gave up his freedom and even his life.
This is the answer to the question of love that we should be laughing at.
Let's take a look at the following.
Paul continues to promote his teaching, from the 16th to the 19th century.
He said, we are easy to rely on a good line.
Originally, your motivation is good, your motivation is good, your whole idea is good.
The result is not only good results,
It also causes your kindness to be made ugly by others.
Look at the 16th chapter.
It says, Don't call your kindness to be destroyed by others.
Is there a meaning of good and evil?
Be sure to pay attention to this question.
Don't call yourself evil.
Our passion is enough.
Our kindness is great.
But because of the lack of such wisdom as taught today,
This means that the true freedom of the Christ is good.
The pure conscience is good.
The sense of God is good.
The pleasure and pleasure of the God are good, too.
But if you don't understand how to use love as a tool to achieve these good things, in the end, you may have a chance to turn it into a bad thing.
You can also turn it into someone else.
you will be destroyed.
You may be able to shrink the power of the voice, or you may be able to make Zhao Hui look very cold, or you may even be able to make people think that Jue Suji came to this world to give us the rules, but not for the sake of the end of the world.
Not only that, there is no specific way to be destroyed by people.
Not only the strong heart may be misunderstood by the weak heart,
Why do you say that?
Think about it.
Do people in M.D.S.
often ask for more gentle clients?
Right?
Many people will treat this kind of gentleness as the same with the capital.
As time goes by, teachers and students start to think that no matter what the capital is, it cannot have a place.
It cannot have a principle.
At any time, you have to be gentle.
You cannot have your own attitude.
It even causes everyone to think that the capital is common for both hands and feet.
Zhang Qian Gu Hou Shi Pin De.
Shou Zhe Yi Da Dui De Gui Ju Bu Zuo Zhe Yi Da Dui De Gui Ju Bu Zuo Zhe Yi Da Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui Dui
Don't let the church's witness become a burden on the outside world.
Don't let the church's glory be replaced by the religious culture and the religious impression that the church loves.
Whatever you think is good, no matter how strong your faith is, whatever freedom you get from the church, it's still a weak faith.
Be careful and be careful.
Don't make mistakes and be careful when you make a wish.
No matter what the situation is, you can't be without love.
Both of you must understand how to use love as your own way of thinking and thinking.
Otherwise, if any of the core of love is removed, it is possible that your own way of thinking becomes twisted.
Maybe you can't understand the other side.
You can't let go of the free space.
You can't respect the freedom of conscience.
You can't treat each other with love.
After a long time, the freedom in the capital was destroyed and destroyed.
The freedom in the capital is a blessing to us from the capital.
We should hold on to it, right?
So both of you have to pay attention to this issue.
Let me give you a more specific example.
Let's talk about a more abstract concept.
For example, there is a visitor who hasn't been to the capital yet.
He has never been to the capital since he was a visitor.
He didn't grow up in the church and didn't listen to the Saint's teachings.
So he naturally didn't understand the rules of the church's life, the church's life, or the church's rules.
But he was very curious about the day he came to the church.
His clothes were very tidy.
His attitude was also very respectful.
What was the only argument?
He was wearing a blue shirt and a pair of shoes.
It's clean and tidy, but it's fake.
Maybe it came in from the door.
The party hasn't started yet.
Among us, there's a fake story.
I'll explain it first.
It's a fake story.
It didn't happen.
Maybe there's a very polite guy.
But at the same time, he's very determined to welcome him.
And then he said this to him.
He said, Hey, bro, we're here for a meeting.
You can't wear it like this.
You have to wear it when you go to the church to get the money.
You have to be careful when you go to the church.
Let's talk about this first.
The brother or sister who says this may not be evil.
Is it wrong to say this?
I don't think it's wrong.
Right?
The truth is true.
It may be true to see the importance of money.
It may be true to respect the importance of the church.
Then he also wants to follow the so-called, don't let the little brother be limited to the test.
A blue mouse is a star.
This is a big hole.
All the sides are exposed, right?
It's not good for you to be limited to the test.
So he sincerely thinks this is an important thing.
Then he may really think that his words are in the order of the maintenance of the teaching, the order of the maintenance of the teaching, the rules of respecting the god.
However, we have to change the perspective.
Standing at this gentleman's, this visitor's point of view, what does he hear or what does he feel?
The first time he gets it, he must not be the main driver, right?
Because what he hears is the rules.
What he hears must not be the welcome, welcome, and grace.
What he hears may be the door, the door, the door and the lock, right?
What he should hear is that I don't belong here, you don't belong here.
You have to come here.
I welcome you.
But you have to be one of us.
You have to cooperate with us first, understand us, respect us, and meet our needs.
As a result, the grace of the blessing, the beauty of tolerance, was soon replaced by wearing a foreign account.
This friend felt that the real capital must be dressed in a certain way.
And I am obviously not qualified.
I shouldn't have come, right?
Let's analyze this matter.
As the tradition of the基督徒 teachings, we need to be respected.
God indeed needs to treat the past and the present with respect.
But the穿着 thing, a solemn穿着, it can be
the choice of wisdom, the choice of respect, the choice of cultural harmony, but it shouldn't be the standard of discrimination of the true and the false.
Say you specifically wear something, you are a fake.
You have to wear something like that, you are a true and the false.
That's simple.
If that's the case, we just need to wear something like that according to the true and the false.
But it's obvious that this judgment is very external.
And there is no evidence of this, right?
For a person who just met with the church, these rules are completely unfamiliar to him.
For him, they are not in his thinking at all.
They are not within the scope of his consideration.
It leads to a person who does not know the church, who first feels that it is a rule, it is a criticism, it is a rejection, not a welcome, not a reception.
This is the core of the church.
What is a little core element?
It's N, right?
It's to let people feel the acceptance of the criminal in the capital.
This is one of the core elements.
Of course, I don't think it's appropriate to wear a blue shirt when you go to the church.
I don't think so.
But I also believe that you have to look at people, you have to look at the situation.
For those who have never been in contact with education, these rules and the necessary requirements are unfamiliar to them.
You must not use such high requirements to ask for it.
Moreover, when there are these problems, you should not immediately solve them.
Why?
He is a new person.
Especially for those who do not have faith, it is more important to keep the space for N points.
You only have to accept him first.
He will have the opportunity to accept these concepts slowly.
So the concept itself is not wrong.
Where is it wrong?
It's wrong for a person who doesn't understand it.
You immediately step out, not the street, not the capital N, but the rules of the church.
Although the rules are not wrong, where is it wrong?
It's wrong in the opposite direction of acceptance.
It's not this rule.
At this moment, it needs street.
So what is the better way?
It should be first welcome, first loan, first
to help him successfully participate in the worship and gathering.
After he establishes his relationship with him, he will gradually cultivate and teach him.
When the time is right, he will naturally know that our brothers and sisters may have read some of the scriptures, some of the articles, he will understand it himself.
Right?
So, brothers and sisters, if we lack wisdom to deal with such a problem, we will
It's very likely that the damage caused by people's harm is great.
This kind of damage surpasses our imagination.
Think about it.
This visitor who is visiting may have left.
He didn't come in.
Because you told me that I didn't come back.
He didn't come.
Maybe he didn't come in the future.
And what's even worse is that he would think
It's about the appearance of the outside world, not the changes in life.
This is very terrible.
What he felt was not the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he loved, the love of the person he
The person in the church may have received a message in the process.
What is it?
We have to use the outside to say goodbye to a person.
If we go to this step, is this what the 16th verse says?
These rules are good, but the result is being beaten by people.
We are right.
We are right about the progress, the pursuit of progress, and the belief of the church itself.
But because you didn't use love to punish him, you were misunderstood by others instead.
It's bad, it's ugly.
Isn't this a typical good line?
Right?
It even falls into the ruins that the Bolos said.
Others also say evil things about the capital.
To insult the capital, to insult the church, to insult the people of the capital.
This is not what they did wrong, but what we did wrong was too anxious.
Right?
This is the reminder of the treasure.
Don't turn a self-righteous approach, a self-righteous focus, into definition, what is the基督徒, who is the耶稣基督, what is the teaching, into an open and important definition.
The heart of the guard and the heart of the lover is not a contradiction, nor is it a mutual arrangement, nor is it the light of your life and death, but the heart of the guard and the heart of the guard is actually the heart of the lover.
You worship God, not love God, right?
So worshiping God is to use love to grow up.
We can give a little more patience.
We can bring a gentle heart.
Give more space for some growth opportunities.
So the end point of the main chapter of the chapter is to become a focus.
The people who come to the church will first meet the leader of this loving street.
It's not some of the rules of the基督徒, or the expectations of our religion.
Let me tell you a short story.
When I just got married, I took the microphone on the stage and led everyone to sing and dance.
At that time, all of a sudden, on the stage, I saw a group of things coming in.
What is it?
It's a sister.
She wasn't married at that time.
It's a woman.
It's the first time she's seen it.
Why did she get married?
Because she burned all her hair into a blast head.
A big head.
And then she dyed it all into gold yellow.
The color here is particularly light.
I was on the stage and I was wondering how he got into a mess.
Then something funny happened.
He was sitting in the back of his brother and sister.
They couldn't see each other.
They were sitting side by side, looking at each other.
Because his head was too big, he could block the people in the back.
After the defeat, I was very interested in him.
I met him.
He told me that he had never come to a meeting.
It was the first time I saw him in person.
His face, chest, and arms were all tattooed.
His eyebrows were tattooed, his eyes were tattooed, and a lot of symbols were tattooed on him.
At the time, I said, this is not a big deal for a black society, right?
It feels like a big, scary scene.
Later on, I slowly got to know him.
He told me, he was two years old.
I said, then why did you come to the meeting?
He said, I want to change my life.
Of course, you all know the story in the middle.
Because we kidnapped him.
We didn't say, you can't do this hairstyle.
You can't do this tattoo.
You can't do this.
You can't do that.
No, we didn't say that.
We kidnapped him.
This person changed completely in the end.
I tell you, two years later, he said, I'm going to wash my eyebrows.
I'm going to wash my eyes.
I'm going to wash my tattoo.
I'm going to wash all the things on my body.
Hair cut off, all grown out, a natural black hair.
I went to the insurance office myself.
I did a
You see this person for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time, you see him for the first time
I would like to emphasize that in this example, in the example I just mentioned, the teaching is based on the understanding of wisdom, and is based on the belief of the Saint, the encouragement of the disciples to wear the bracelet to get the body.
You should use a reasonable way to express your respect to the God.
Be careful, do not think that I encourage everyone to wear the basketball, the vest, and wear the character to teach.
This is not what I mean.
I have already said it clearly.
Chuan Zhuo De Ti is correct.
This is not about what you wear.
It's about the timing when you communicate.
For a new person, you transfer the wrong information to him.
Do you understand?
So, for those of you who already know the system, you should wear Zhuo De Ti.
The point I want to point out is, when a person has just entered the church, he doesn't understand what is the Holy Spirit, what is the Holy Spirit.
We should first let him know.
First of all, let him feel that Jena really needs to be corrected in this story.
It is that we are not sure whether or not we will be taught the conditions and threshold of Jena.
This is wrong.
We should let this friend of the Taoist visit first lead us to the face of the main Jesus Christ, especially in the face of the Holy Spirit.
Which kind of fixed穿著 is the standard穿著?
This is a question of the origin, right?
So we shouldn't use our own wisdom to tie other people's conscience.
Instead, it causes the root of the Buddha's grace to be covered.
The holy scriptures have a clear command.
Of course, the teachings should ask the disciples to obey them.
Which places have a clear requirement?
For example, the holy scriptures are changed.
We love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other, we love each other,
We must keep the space for the people of the land and the freedom of conscience.
In other words, it is wrong to remove the space for God to stay in the place where all the gods remain free.
The space for God to stay in the place where all the gods remain free.
Please keep this in mind.
In fact, the principle is that in your life, you can fight against each other.
Family relations, workplace relations, and the ways in which you live can be used.
In addition, if you really need to improve and deal with some things in time, you should also communicate with them in a gentle way.
It is best to be able to explain in advance, but not to point out in the scene, to make people sad.
We need to be flexible.
For the first time, we need to be more flexible.
Fuyin must lead the person to the extreme, and grow up with him slowly.
Slowly help him understand that the lesson needs time to be taught, not to use the rules at the door.
Got it?
Let's talk about it again.
The situation we just talked about is that some people who are a bit weak or don't understand the rules of the lesson and don't understand the language, we need to stay in space.
In life, is there a situation where there are always people who have more thoughts and feelings?
No matter how you treat them, no matter how gentle you treat them, they will still feel hurt.
Is there such a situation?
Yes.
So Zhao Hui also faces a risk of reflection.
That is, in some parts of his life,
The standards of the brothers and sisters who are easily offended by the conscience have become the standards of education.
We are forced to walk with our noses on this part of the brothers and sisters' demands.
In other words, no matter what you do, no matter how gentle you are, no matter how polite you are, no matter how hard you try to express respect, someone will always feel offended.
Do you agree?
No matter what you do, someone will always feel offended.
Have you done all the homework, okay?
No one dares to challenge him.
The freedom in the capital has completely disappeared.
This is not allowed.
Then we should also resort to this kind of reverse risk.
What should we do?
The one who cares about the treasure never wants everyone to like you.
What he is really worried about is the mental injury.
That is, you do not use the freedom of love to break your own rules, the freedom to do whatever you want to do.
In the end, it causes people to be hurt in the forest.
This root makes people uncomfortable, makes people unhappy, makes people not like you.
It's a completely different problem.
So everyone must add to the difference.
Why don't you let me be happy?
Is it because you are free and caused the harm to me?
It's two things that must be separated.
What Paul said is the latter, not the former.
What Paul said is not to cause harm to people.
I will introduce three quick ways to help you all.
Du Jue's question.
On the one hand, we follow the teachings of Baoluo.
On the other hand, we don't take this kind of reverse risk to the church.
Let the church become a church that is entrusted with faith and softness.
As for the sisters, it becomes an indomitable movement.
The first method is to clearly distinguish what is called a back-to-back rebellion and what is called a human fall.
These two things are not the same at all.
The origin of the back-to-back rebellion comes from the development of the background.
The gender, the likes, the cultural differences,
The personality is different or the inner state is different.
If you want to add a difference, if you don't like it, you have to look for these problems to make some differences between you.
Do you understand?
This problem is not the most important.
This is not what Paul said.
Because no matter what you do, you will definitely meet people who are different from you, right?
So we are not going to eliminate the suspicion, reach out to each other, and then become a meeting.
Not like this.
to maintain and admit our differences, and then fight against the common foundation of the capital city, and achieve our harmony, right?
However, it's different to fall down.
Falling down is to use your own freedom, without the rules of love, and fall into the pressure and evil in one person, even though he knows he thinks it's wrong, he still has to do it.
This is the damage to the capital city.
The capital city is disturbed and shaken.
The second one is different.
So everyone must pay attention to the difference.
Bao Luo is not allowed here.
It's the situation in the back.
Do you understand?
The second one is to be clear.
What is the love that makes you happy?
What is the control that is required?
Love will make the heart stronger.
Brothers and sisters, you are very willing, you are self-reliant, you are willing to make the body weak for the sake of freedom.
You are saying,
我愿意我自发 你都不要求我 是我自己心甘乐意 不做这件事 这个叫自愿的爱心 甘心的爱 但是什么叫做被要求的控制呢 就是软弱的弟兄子妹们 把自己的规则变成所有人要遵守的规则 是我要求你要来体恤我 而不是对方自愿的愿意体恤 这个就好像公交车上面的爱心作
Not that you are willing to do it, but that you are asked to do it.
This is different.
So if someone says, you don't love my conscience, you just don't love me, then this conscience becomes evil.
This is a mistake.
The people who are weak can't ask others like this.
You can't say that.
So protect the conscience who is more sensitive, more selfish, and weaker.
But at the same time, you are not allowed to take your conscience as a weapon to subjugate and bind others, and ask others to come to balance you.
Do you understand?
This is the second one.
The third one is based on a stable group of wisdom.
It is called a group, and it is necessary to limit the private speech of the public space.
Let me say it again.
It is called a group.
The group has to have the rules of the group.
If you want a normal operation, you have to have a stable order.
You have to have stable form.
For example, how should the meeting be held?
If it starts at 10.30, it must be held at 10.30, right?
This is called the stability of the form.
This is the rule and form that must be followed in public space.
How to maintain such rules in an open environment for most of the users.
is fair, fair, and meaningful.
So, what can bring peace and harmony is that we should follow the rules and forms in public space.
Do you understand?
What is private space?
In these issues, since there is meaningful to the public, we can't change it because there are special requirements for this person.
There is another requirement for that person.
We change it again and again into public space.
This is the right way.
So, this can help us to understand
In some cases, especially when it comes to the decision-making of the public, the public may have experienced this.
Why didn't the suggestion I gave to Mushi be accepted?
Do you understand why?
Because this is a continuous order in the public space, not a rule that can be changed by the private.
Do you understand?
So when I hear different voices,
Let me give you an example.
Some of you said that 10.5 is too late.
Let's change it to 10.
Some of you said that 10.5 is too early.
Let's change it to 11. Who am I listening to?
You can't listen to such a thing because public should have the knowledge and insist on it.
So at this time, the principle of our building is
The meaning of public space is still personal preference.
The two have differences.
Do you understand?
To be honest, I have the most profound understanding of what I just talked about.
That is, no matter what you do, no matter what you do, humble yourself, help others, love and help others, no matter what you do, humble yourself.
你还是会隔三差五的就说目试伤害了我 我诚实的告诉大家 我是有点焦虑的 我是有点焦虑的 我希望你们不要跟我一样 而保罗今天的话 极大的安慰了我 怎么安慰了我 因为他的话鼓励我 活出一个爱所引导的责任 同时也让我知道 良心的软弱不能够变成压垮我 改变我
Xie pu wo bang jia wo de biao zhen.
自由也不应该成为批评别人的武器.
信心强的弟兄子妹, 自由不能成为武器.
信心弱的弟兄子妹, 你的良心的需求不能变成每个人都要遵守的规则.
我们的规则只有一个, 就是圣经.
我们应该更加地松弛,
You should know that these two people all have their own problems, and what we have to bet on is to break down such a mistake.
Back to God's face.
According to God's words, to pursue peace with each other and create a relationship is to understand God's rules.
What is the rule?
To bet on any mistake.
I also encourage all of you.
You will definitely encounter emotional decline in your life.
Maybe after you have a conversation with him, his emotions will drop instantly.
On the one hand, you should keep yourself in front of the God, observe yourself.
Did you say something wrong?
On the other hand, you should not be self-conscious of a pure self.
Why do you have this balance?
Because if you speak out, it is to stick to the principles and principles of the Holy Spirit.
You should only check your own way of speaking and attitude.
And you shouldn't show the content that you are talking about.
If the content is what you are talking about, you shouldn't do it.
You shouldn't do it.
This is called love to be honest.
At the same time, the feeling of being hurt may not be very healthy.
Do you understand?
You can't be tied up by him.
So you have to balance both sides.
If you don't cry and make a fuss, it makes sense.
It's not about crying and making fun of it.
It's about trying to vent your emotions, trying to stand out and defend yourself.
He must be right.
We have to establish a concept like this.
Because many times, his emotions, his so-called harm, are often because he didn't get satisfied with some of his own goals.
This is what we will learn from this morning.
If your own thoughts, desires, and emotions
You should be the first to solve your problem at this time.
So, everyone, don't just look at the emotional reaction on the surface.
Don't fall into who is crying and who is making fun of you.
We still have to go back to the Bible.
We have to cut down what we should cut down, but we still have to say what we should say with love.
Then, Paul gave this example in the 17th century.
He said, because God doesn't care about food and water, he only cares about the peace of the public, and the joy of the Holy Spirit.
This sentence brings the church back to the focus and the center.
What is the focus?
What is the center?
Don't build your spiritual identity on the things you want, and don't let people think that God seems to be determined whether you eat this or not, whether you guard this day or that season.
It's not about rules, it's about three key words.
The first one is called justice.
The second one is called peace.
The third one is called joy in the forest.
Take a closer look at it one by one.
One of the core concepts of the church is justice.
It's not a performance of justice.
It's the image of life being created and updated by God.
It's the image of justice.
It's not biased.
It's the image of true love.
Right?
What is justice?
How can you do something that doesn't belong to a brother or sister?
It's a rumor.
Before you believe it, do you want to stop and ask about the truth?
I want to see the evidence.
You heard about a person's evaluation today.
You followed him and went.
This is not justice's love.
This is not a justice's judgment.
Because you don't see the truth.
If you don't see the truth, you stand on the ground.
This is called no logic.
This is the performance of the subconscious.
should not appear on the map.
The second core is harmony.
It is not the harmony that escapes from the surface, but rather the harmony that comes with it.
It is not the theory of birds.
What is the theory of birds?
There is clearly a problem.
If you bury your head in the sand and bury it, there is no problem.
Isn't the problem still there?
There is a problem that we have to face.
We have to solve it.
We have to endure it from the core.
We have to grow the harmony that grows out of these values.
This is the true peace.
The third peace is the happiness in the Holy Spirit.
It is not the personality of passion.
Have you ever seen this kind of happiness?
Everyone is familiar with it.
They don't care about it.
This is not the true happiness.
Instead, the conscience is closer to it.
The purest and most precious blood is wiped clean.
The heart is released.
He found the true freedom in the capital, which means that a person can truly love the master without hesitation.
Through any kind of brotherhood, he can see the power of God.
The true love of God is a stable, stable, long-lasting joy.
It has nothing to do with the external environment.
It has nothing to do with the psychological state of the character.
It is a state within the spirit.
It has nothing to do with the relationship between the master and you.
There's nothing to do with it.
Do you understand?
The 18th chapter of the chapter says, This is what is called the joy of salvation.
This is very helpful to us in this way.
Because it directly tells us what is the real joy of salvation?
The joy of salvation must not be a theory of change.
There is no theory of change.
It doesn't prove that I am right.
You are wrong.
Instead, you have to stand in front of the gods to satisfy their demands, including the space for the freedom of conscience, including the standards that are not my standards to satisfy all the people's demands.
When you do it, you will be satisfied.
Therefore, the real pleasure of the pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of the real pleasure of
That is, your witness has to walk to the outside of the church.
This person is a wide-minded person, not just a Christian.
When you see a Christian in the church, they support you, think you did well, but it's not enough.
Because you are not just like this on a Sunday.
On a Sunday to Sunday, you are all like this.
You are in the church and not in the church.
You are all like this.
Many people are very respectful to the pastor, to the waiter.
To the people who like it, very respectful.
To the people who don't like it, very polite.
You don't have a witness like this.
So, here, it is said that the only person who is called is everyone who sees you.
The people outside the church believe in you, but the people don't believe in you.
They all say that you did very well.
The church also has to become a witness in a group.
One group, one individual.
Are you really a small group?
Are you a small group?
Are you a small group
Chu Shi Zhe Xue.
Not only do we need witnesses in the church, but also outside the church.
The 19th chapter says,
What does it mean?
It means to run.
This law tells us that harmony will not happen naturally.
You have to work hard to change the harmony.
So, everyone living here, everyone has responsibility to pursue this harmony, to pursue Taoism, to pursue a Taoism body, to pursue a Taoism education.
This means that the people of the factory
You have to learn to be stubborn You have to learn to use love to achieve your freedom In order to achieve your freedom, you have to put a lot of pressure on your sensitive and soft-hearted people At the same time, it also means that soft-hearted people learn to use compassion and love to limit their soft-heartedness Don't let your soft-heartedness be tied to each other You have to respect each other This also means that everyone has to learn to put the most important
Put it in the most important position.
Don't put it in the most important place.
Whatever it is, put it in the place it should be.
The most important thing is to put it in the most important place.
So what's not important?
It doesn't matter whether you eat meat or not.
It doesn't matter whether you wear this or that.
It doesn't matter whether you dye your nails or not.
It doesn't matter whether you wear a big earring or not.
It doesn't matter whether you wear it or not.
What's the most important thing?
This is the most important thing.
Ladies and gentlemen, in the whole 16th to 19th chapter, Baoluo gave us a very clear encouragement.
Don't let the important things be re-determined.
Don't treat the important things as the most important thing.
Don't let your freedom or your weakness
and become a tool to harm each other.
Don't let our own weakness become a bad witness to the teachings.
Paul says, don't let your kindness be destroyed.
We must remind people to meet the capital first, not our name.
Because God doesn't care about food and drink, he cares about justice and peace.
Therefore, if one thing is righteous, and one thing is fair, and one thing is free, and one thing is empty,
It is the relationship between you and the human being that is destroying the peace of the world, and the peace of the world.
Then it should stop immediately.
This means that God wants us to turn our focus back to Jesus Christ.
Continue to stick to each other.
Don't turn away from each other.
If you win, you won't be able to bear it.
Do you understand?
Instead, let go.
Don't rush to express, listen, and talk slowly.
Don't always think that you are right, others are wrong.
And you should first turn to pursue peace, harmony, and harmony in the forest.
Finally, to all of us, I will give a very clear request to all of you.
Don't pursue the harmony that is formed by each other.
Peace will not happen automatically.
It will not grow out by itself.
Dear viewers,
Can you pursue it?
When you want to pursue peace and harmony, pleasure and justice, you are trying to fight against your sins and your weakness.
This is what I want to say.
You can choose to apologize quickly, and not to enter a long debate and discussion.
Before you continue to speak, say something first.
Do you love my sister?
Do you accept me?
Who is the god of love?
Who is the god of kindness?
Who is the god of freedom?
Who is the god of faith?
It's not you and me.
It's our master.
We all have the same master.
Let's pray.
If this teaching has some problems that haven't been solved yet, among the disciples, there is still some strong presence.
God, we are not in a hurry to take action, but we are willing to change our mind immediately, change our thoughts.
Slowly, give us courage, give us wisdom.
When the time is ripe,
Amen.